[DEVX-1813] Add launchOrder in saucectl doc (#1408)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/espresso.md

sauce:
  visibility: private
```
---

### `launchOrder`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> Control starting order of suites. If unspecified or empty, the default is the order in which suites are written in the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the execution order for your test suites. When set to `fail rate`, test suites with the highest failure rate will execute first. If unspecified, test suites will execute in the order in which they are written in the configuration file. 
```

Reviewer: @tianfeng92 I added a couple suggested changes to merge the two lines into one -- the suggestions apply to all files.

Author: 🙆‍♀️

Reviewer: @tianfeng92 Thank you!

> * `fail rate`: Suites that historically have the highest failure rate start first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
